Added ability to disable AppTrackingTransparency.framework uage (#1342)
adjust/dev-docs: src/content/docs/en/sdk/ios/v5/features/att.mdx

| China URL strategy      | `analytics.adjust.world`  | `consent.adjust.world`  |
| China only URL strategy | `analytics.adjust.cn`     | `consent.adjust.cn`     |
| India URL strategy      | `analytics.adjust.net.in` | `consent.adjust.net.in` |

> ## Disabling SDK's interaction with Apple's AppTrackingTransparency.framework API {#disable_att_framework}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable Apple's AppTrackingTransparency.framework Usage {#disable-att-framework}
```

<CodeBlock title="Method signature">

```objc
- (void)disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage;
```

</CodeBlock>

> In case you want to completely disable Adjust SDK's interaction with `AppTrackingTransparency.framework` you can configure the SDK accordingly by calling the `[ADJConfig disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage]` method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case you want to completely disable Adjust SDK's interaction with `AppTrackingTransparency.framework` call the `disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage` method on your `ADJConfig` instance before SDK initialization.
```

There's already a pattern of wording for similar method(s) of the `ADJConfig` instance in other chapters (for example: https://dev.adjust.com/en/sdk/ios/features/privacy#coppa-compliance).

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Swift" sync="swift">

<CodeBlock highlight="{range: 7}">

```swift
let yourAppToken = "{YourAppToken}"
let environment = ADJEnvironmentSandbox
let adjustConfig = ADJConfig(
   appToken: yourAppToken,
   environment: environment)
// ...
adjustConfig?.disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage()
```

</CodeBlock>

</Tab>
<Tab title="Objective-C" sync="objc">

<CodeBlock highlight="{range: 6}">

```objc
NSString *yourAppToken = @"{YourAppToken}";
NSString *environment = ADJEnvironmentSandbox;
ADJConfig *adjustConfig = [[ADJConfig alloc] initWithAppToken:appToken

>                                                 environment:environment];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                                                  environment:environment];
```
It seems that lack of Obj-C like alignment is a common theme throughout the docs, not sure if this matters at all or maybe there's some odd linter attached to the entire thing that is going to align on it's own regardless of what we write, but just for sake of honoring Obj-C.

> // ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: I took the code example from Configuration page. We have several different code snippet styles. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I don't mind to take this one (from coppa).

> [adjustConfig disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[adjustConfig disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage];
[Adjust initSdk:adjustConfig];
```

Again, taken from chapter(s) that have code snippets for similar things (https://dev.adjust.com/en/sdk/ios/features/privacy#coppa-compliance).

Author: The same:
I took the code example from Configuration page. We have several different code snippet styles. 🤷🏻‍♂️
I don't mind to take this one (from coppa).

```

</CodeBlock>

</Tab>
<Tab title="Javascript" sync="js">

<CodeBlock highlight="{range: 5}">

```js
setupWebViewJavascriptBridge(function (bridge) {
   var yourAppToken = yourAppToken;
   var environment = AdjustConfig.EnvironmentSandbox;
   var adjustConfig = new AdjustConfig(yourAppToken, environment);

>    adjustConfig.disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage();

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   adjustConfig.disableAppTrackingTransparencyUsage();
   Adjust.initSdk(adjustConfig)
```
